Finally, in April 2022, we got the new SMRTLink server, running on edgen-services2, into action.

On the instrument, the new connection address was set.

Data transfer is via SSH, using the key copied from the old server. I recycled the 'smrtbackup'
account which I had created for vault to be able to back up the SMRTLink database, because
it allows key-only login. I limited this to an explicit host once again.

The files are written to /lustre-gseg/smrtlink/sequel_seqdata. I wanted to leave /lustre-gseg/smrtlink
mode 770, group eg-bioinfo, because we don't want non-edge people peering in here, but then the smrtbackup user
can't get in, and I can't add smrtbackup to extra groups because the groups are in LDAP, and I can't
make smrtbackup a SAFE-controlled user because then the PAM policy will mandate an up-to-date password.

Aaaanyway, I just did:

$ sudo setfacl -m g:smrtanalysis:rx /lustre-gseg/smrtlink

And that does it. Now the issue is that the files written by the instrument have mode 644, owner
1200:smrtanalysis. The 'pipeline' user can read them but not hard-link to them. If I make
symlinks instead, then the analysts still can't make hard-links, and so the delivery process
will need to be a copy process which is bad.

So I think, despite the fact it feels like a waste of time and space, I need to still copy the
files as part of the SMRTino pipeline, then just worry about the permissions on the copies.

(Note - the 5head solution here is https://wiki.lustre.org/Lreflink_High_Level_Design -- but reflink
for Lustre is still a pipe dream).

So I've set SMRTino to look for runs in the new location, and I'm done. If I need to revisit this,
I'll need a way for the pipeline to force the permissions and/or ownership of the files which
means probably a sudo rule - should be able to make this fairly specific.

Or else maybe I can have an rsync shim like I use on egcloud. On there it is explicit, but maybe
I can make it work implicitly? I think so - just override rsync in the path, right?

---

On 22nd April. More thoughts. Since most of our runs are now HiFi runs, if we stopped delivering the
un-filtered BAM then we could explicitly symlink that, and save some space and time.

But more important for now is that the pipeline is not setting g+w on all the output files, so I need
to fix a umask somewhere. Oh - same fix I already did for Illuminatus and Hesiod; just take out the
'-l' from the jobscript. Cool.

